Fix searchParams.set duplicate updates (#18336)
sveltejs/svelte: .changeset/search-params-duplicate-set.md

---
'svelte': patch
---

> Ensure reactive URL search params update when setting duplicate keys to the same joined value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: update `SvelteURLSearchParams` when setting duplicate keys to the same joined value
```
